Image builder documentation update (#12817)
kyma-project/test-infra: cmd/image-builder/image-builder.md

The feature is only available for the ADO backend. 

This feature utilizes the `go` vendor mechanism by downloading all the dependencies into the `vendor` directory. There is no option to pass custom credentials for fetching the dependencies; the tool handles it internally.

## Jenkins Integration

> Image Builder binary now supports integration with the SRE Jenkins instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Image Builder binary supports integration with the SRE Jenkins instance.
```

This integration allows the tool to collect input data directly from the Jenkins pipeline environment.

### Jenkins-Specific Flags

> - **Build Report Path Flag**: A flag (`--build-report-path`) has been added to allow the tool to write a build report generated by the ADO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Build Report Path Flag**: The `--build-report-path` flag has been added to allow the tool to write a build report generated by the ADO
```

  pipeline directly to a specified file. This functionality is exclusively available for the SRE Jenkins integration. It is not exposed or
  supported when running in the GitHub Actions workflow.

### Required Environment Variables

> The Jenkins integration relies on a defined contract for sourcing input data via specific environment variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jenkins integration relies on a defined contract for sourcing input data with specific environment variables:
```

| Variable          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Required                                   |
|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|
| `CHANGE_ID`       | Detects if the pipeline is executed for a pull request. Must contain the PR number.                                                                                                                                                                      | Required for pull requests                 |

> | `GIT_URL`         | Repository URL from which an image will be built. Must match the regex defined in [`extractOwnerAndRepoFromGitURL` function](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/df945b96654d60f82b9738cd98129191c5e753c8/cmd/image-builder/config.go#L123). | Always required                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `GIT_URL`         | Repository URL from which an image is built. Must match the regex defined in [`extractOwnerAndRepoFromGitURL` function](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/df945b96654d60f82b9738cd98129191c5e753c8/cmd/image-builder/config.go#L123). | Always required                            |
```

| `CHANGE_BRANCH`   | Name of the pull request's base branch.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Required for pull requests                 |
| `CHANGE_BASE_SHA` | Base branch commit SHA for the pull request.                                                                                                                                                                                                             | Required for pull requests                 |
| `JENKINS_HOME`    | Indicates Jenkins runtime environment. Presence of this variable signals the tool to run in Jenkins mode (value not tested).                                                                                                                             | Always required for Jenkins pipeline usage |

> **Note**: This Jenkins integration is intended exclusively for the SRE team. It should not be used by other teams or projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> This Jenkins integration is intended exclusively for the SRE team. Other teams or projects must not use it.
```

Reviewer: Why not put this note at the very beginning of the Jenkins Integration section? It would definitely attract more attention there.

Author: Moved to the section beginning.
